Reference for stage 3 json-parse-with-source (#32697)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/json/parse/index.md

There is no way to work around this generically. You cannot specially handle the case where `key` is an empty string, because JSON objects can also contain keys that are empty strings. You need to know very precisely what kind of transformation is needed for each key when implementing the reviver.

> Note that `reviver` is run after the value is parsed. So, for example, numbers in JSON text will have already been converted to JavaScript numbers, and may lose precision in the process. To transfer large numbers without loss of precision, serialize them as strings, and revive them to [BigInts](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/BigInt), or other appropriate arbitrary precision formats. You can also use the `context.source` property to access the original JSON string representing the value.

Reviewer: The below (after my modification) still doesn't look quite right/is confusing, because bigJSON value is a number, not a string. So saying "to access the original JSON string representing the value" feels wrong. Is it correct - i.e. does this mean that the context.source is the string form of the JSON number - so you get it as a string to pass to the BigInt?

```suggestion
Note that `reviver` is run after the value is parsed. So, for example, numbers in JSON text will have already been converted to JavaScript numbers, and may lose precision in the process. One way to transfer large numbers without loss of precision, serialize them as strings, and revive them to [BigInts](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/BigInt), or other appropriate arbitrary precision formats.

You can also use the `context.source` property to access the original JSON string representing the value, as shown below:
```

Author: > does this mean that the context.source is the string form of the JSON number - so you get it as a string to pass to the BigInt?

Yes.

Reviewer: How about this then?

```suggestion
Note that `reviver` is run after the value is parsed. So, for example, numbers in JSON text will have already been converted to JavaScript numbers, and may lose precision in the process. One way to transfer large numbers without loss of precision, is to serialize them as strings, and revive them to [BigInts](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/BigInt), or other appropriate arbitrary precision formats.

You can also use the `context.source` property to access the original number in the JSON as a string, as shown below:
```
